expose DD_CAPTURE_LAMBDA_PAYLOAD_MAX_DEPTH [SVLS-3853] (#387)
DataDog/datadog-lambda-python: README.md

| Environment Variables | Default ValueDescription |
| -------------------- | ------------ |
| DD_ENCODE_AUTHORIZER_CONTEXT      | When set to `true` for Lambda authorizers, the tracing context will be encoded into the response for propagation. Supported for NodeJS and Python. Defaults to `true`. |
| DD_DECODE_AUTHORIZER_CONTEXT      | When set to `true` for Lambdas that are authorized via Lambda authorizers, it will parse and use the encoded tracing context (if found). Supported for NodeJS and Python. Defaults to `true`. |
| DD_COLD_START_TRACING | Set to `false` to disable Cold Start Tracing. Used in NodeJS and Python. Defaults to `true`. |
| DD_MIN_COLD_START_DURATION |  Sets the minimum duration (in milliseconds) for a module load event to be traced via Cold Start Tracing. Number. Defaults to `3`. |
| DD_COLD_START_TRACE_SKIP_LIB | optionally skip creating Cold Start Spans for a comma-separated list of libraries. Useful to limit depth or skip known libraries. Default depends on runtime. |
| DD_CAPTURE_LAMBDA_PAYLOAD | [Captures incoming and outgoing AWS Lambda payloads][1] in the Datadog APM spans for Lambda invocations. Defaults to `false`. |

> | DD_CAPTURE_LAMBDA_PAYLOAD_MAX_DEPTH | The captured AWS Lambda payloads will become tags of the `aws.lambda` span. This sets how deep it fathoms the JSON structure. When the max depth reached, the tag's value will be the stringified value of the deeper nested items. Defaults to `10`. <br> For example, with input payload as <pre>{<br>  "lv1" : {<br>    "lv2": {<br>      "lv3": "val"<br>    }<br>  }<br>}</pre> When set to `2`, the resulted tag's key is `function.request.lv1.lv2` and value `{\"lv3\": \"val\"}`. <br> When set to `0`, the the resulted tag's key is just `function.request` and value is `{\"lv1\":{\"lv2\":{\"lv3\": \"val\"}}}` |

Author: Need some help from docs team to improve the wording.
<img width="839" alt="Screenshot 2023-11-09 at 7 59 40 AM" src="https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-python/assets/5253430/c54b9be7-206a-4c70-8c0b-834b7068b0c7">

> | DD_CAPTURE_LAMBDA_PAYLOAD_MAX_DEPTH | The captured AWS Lambda payloads will become tags of the `aws.lambda` span. This sets how deep it fathoms the JSON structure. When the max depth reached, the tag's value will be the stringified value of the deeper nested items. Defaults to `10`. <br> For example, with input payload as <pre>{<br>  "lv1" : {<br>    "lv2": {<br>      "lv3": "val"<br>    }<br>  }<br>}</pre> When set to `2`, the resulted tag's key is `function.request.lv1.lv2` and value `{\"lv3\": \"val\"}`. <br> When set to `0`, the the resulted tag's key is just `function.request` and value is `{\"lv1\":{\"lv2\":{\"lv3\": \"val\"}}}` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DD_CAPTURE_LAMBDA_PAYLOAD_MAX_DEPTH | Determines the level of detail captured from AWS Lambda payloads, which are then assigned as tags for the `aws.lambda` span. It specifies the nesting depth of the JSON payload structure to process. Once the specified maximum depth is reached, the tag's value is set to the stringified value of any nested elements beyond this level. The default is `10`. <br> For example, given the input payload: <pre>{<br>  "lv1" : {<br>    "lv2": {<br>      "lv3": "val"<br>    }<br>  }<br>}</pre> If the depth is set to `2`, the resulting tag's key is set to `function.request.lv1.lv2` and the value is `{\"lv3\": \"val\"}`. <br> If the depth is set to `0`, the resulting tag's key is set to `function.request` and value is `{\"lv1\":{\"lv2\":{\"lv3\": \"val\"}}}` |
```
Here's a stab at improving the wording. Let me know if I misinterpreted anything.

Side note: I think you could make the table have 3 columns to separate out the default values into their own column.
